If you have noticed yourself, or your team, working on activities that require little or no thinking -
or working on activities that require you to jump from application to application: Robotic Process Automation
may be exactly what you need.
Robotic Process Automation is the use of software to handle high volume, repeatable tasks that previously
required us humans to perform.
And much like physical robots have automated blue collar work in factories,
RPA software is coming for white collar work with an enormous speed.
Hi, my name is Tor, and I am an experienced RPA project manager and RPA developer and I've helped
several companies pilot and scale their Robotic Process Automation
initiatives across their organizations. In this course we will start with getting to know what
RPA is, how it works,
why now?,
the pros and cons of the technology and what vendors are out there. Then we will build a simple
robot together using one of the most popular RPA softwares - UiPath.
Before we wrap it all up by looking at a five step implementation plan on how you can implement
RPA in your organization.
This course is perfect for anyone who want to confidently discuss and explain RPA in an enterprise setting
or at a job interview.
It's perfect for those of you that want to start a career as an RPA professional; as you'll understand
both the big picture and how the technology works in practice - and it is perfect for those of you that want
to build your first software robot.
I'm really looking forward to having you as my student;
so what are we waiting for?
Let's get started!:)